hey guys today we'll be covering a six
episode mystery horror series called
juwon origins
be sure to stay till the end so you
don't miss out the conclusion of this
amazing series episode one juwon is an
inspiration from real life events
originated from a house the real life
event is far more frightening than all
the depictions it's 1988 a man returned
to his home and settles down he slides a
cassette into the vcr and sits back to
watch a reality show highlighting a
guest named haruka honjo and himself
being introduced as yasuo odajima a
proclaimed paranormal researcher bankers
then start to speak and odajim's wife
enters the house on the television show
haruka describes an incident she came to
tokyo and started living in a one
bedroom apartment but she heard
footsteps at night while odajima is
watching his wife gives him the cassette
containing the sound of footsteps he
asked karuka to record meanwhile on the
tv haruka imitates the sound of the
footsteps odajima plays the cassette on
the radio but cannot understand it so he
invites his wife to listen to it as well
she tries to comprehend the recording
but fails to do so they play the
recording again where a low croaking
sound can be heard but still
undecipherable the following day the
show stage is set and everyone is silent
after listening to the voice cassette
from haruka the female anchor stabs her
partner and he starts to show the female
comments that it seems the speaker was
close to the microphone odajima asks
aruga if she spoke anything during the
recording to which she responds in
denial the anger takes the view of the
third person sitting with them mr sako
who simply states that his beliefs are
against the fact the house being haunted
the anchor then asks haruka if the
incident happened with any previous
tenant to which she replies that nothing
happened previously and the realtor
assured her it's broken by commercial
break during the recess haruka asked
odajima about the reason behind
collecting these horror stories he says
he doesn't really know as they walk
along haruka share that she has moved
into her boyfriend's apartment because
as he visited her he saw things and
advised her to leave odajima tries to
know more about it but the assistant
calls haruka and she leaves in the turn
of events a new girl is admitted to a
school in the middle of the semester her
mother sends her out and starts shedding
tears in front of the teacher while
explaining how hard it is for them and
gains his sympathy by victimizing
herself later the girl introduces
herself as kyomi kawai her teacher sends
her to the back seat as she settles down
she's eyed by two girls the scene takes
off at the bank where dajuma asks for
tetsuya fukuzawa one of the employees
identifies focuser for him odajima meets
him later and asks him about the
incident that made haruka leave her
apartment odajima records as tetsuya
starts narrating the story about an
inexpensive house he went to see as he
enters the house he immediately senses
the creepiness of the place odajima's
recording him and asked him about the
location tetsuya refuses to reveal it
and admits that he can see things back
in the past when tetsuya visits the
house he finds it insanely odd he walks
around and feels the eeriness that looms
all over just as he's about to leave he
senses someone behind him a woman in a
white press stood still in the shadows
at the end of the room meanwhile
haruko's recording is being played in a
car the little girl at the passenger
seat takes the cassette out stating that
it scares her the guy who's driving
pulls the car aside he asks the girl to
return the cassette to him but she
complains to go home that barbaric
person then starts bashing the little
girl ruthlessly at the school kiyomi is
at the locker room when her two class
fellows approach her and invite her
along on an adventure they plan to visit
the cat mansion an abandoned house
populated by cats kiyomi agrees with
their proposal and returns home her
mother is preparing dinner she tells her
about the letter she received from the
school and as she comes to the living
room the news on tv states about the
kidnapped girl named natsuki the same
girl who got the beating in the car
kiyomi's mother throws a letter in the
bin after reading and goes to her room
she raises her suspicion about the
teacher and recalls her own sacrifices
when she made to protect her daughter
kiyomi thrusts her away her mother
lashes at her calling her a [ __ ] for
seducing her own father and leaves the
room meanwhile haruka returns home from
the studio and finds tetsuya sleeping on
the floor he wakes up and tells her
about the visit from adagima she tells
him to lay it off and as she goes to
take a shower tatia asks her if she will
meet his mother and just as she's about
to share something else they hear
footsteps in the bedroom he sits down
and tells haruka about the strange house
he visited he admits the issue might be
him and not paduka's apartment suddenly
he points at the bedroom door the door
previously closed is now slid sideways
instantly the light also turns on by
itself they both stand there horrified
after a brief consideration tetsuya
barges into the bedroom to find it empty
he turns back to leave but sees a figure
behind the translucent glass he falls
backwards when a barefooted woman
emerges and enters the bedroom he's the
same woman from the strange house
tetsuya loses himself as she pulls out
the sack in front of him he covers
himself while screaming frantically
suddenly the woman is replaced by haruka
and she consoles him as he trembles in
her arms the following morning kiyomi
accompanies her fellows to the house on
the way a guy named udaiy joins them
kiyomi feels concerned but nevertheless
carries on as they enter it becomes
known as the same house where tetsuya
felt the presence kiyomi picks up a cat
as the rest of them reach inside they
start checking around yudhayi and one
girl start discussing where it should be
done kiyomi being unaware of what's
about to happen looks around innocently
suddenly the two girls grab her and push
her to the floor she gets raved and the
whole house drenches in her helpless
cries and pledges episode 2 it's a
strange house the girls have kiyomi
pinned down she cries to them to stop
udaini threatens to stab her if she
keeps making the noise he then proceeds
with his vulgarity by taking off his
pants while he's raping her one of the
girl gets out the camera and starts
flashing pictures of them kiomi lies
there helplessly as yuda-yi goes on but
the other girl is completely silent once
they're done yudai gets up and the
camera girl warns her that if she dares
to tell anyone in school her photos will
be leaked hiyumi lies on the floor in
her devastated state as they both take
no notice and proceed to enjoy
themselves in another room he only
manages to get herself up and slowly
walks upstairs where she hears the
meowing of a cat she finds a cat in a
wardrobe he only picks it up and scoots
in the little space of the cabinet and
slides the door closed she then sits by
herself in the dark wardrobe and
whimpers in helplessness while she is
crying on her unfortunate fate she
witnesses the face of the woman in the
white dress and shrieks at the top of
her lungs downstairs yudhayi and his
girlfriend hear the scream he leaves her
and comes upstairs he slides open the
cabinet to find kiyomi sitting there
weak as a petal she comes out and hugs
him meanwhile the other girl or coming
upstairs sees mai walk behind her and go
into a room she then comes to the second
floor to see udai lying over kiyomi she
tells him about mai and they all proceed
downstairs to look for her no one finds
her so yudai prepares to go kiyomi also
leaves the house and requests you that
you to walk her home he agrees and
kiyomi gives the other girl a taunting
smile as they leave her standing there
the following day tetsuya takes haruko
to meet his mother on their way she
talks about how nervous she is they
arrive at her place and tetsuya rings
the bell when no one answers he goes
into the house to check on her while
haruka's waiting outside he hears
someone call her name and upon pondering
she sees tetsuya standing across the
road at the exact moment tezia comes out
and invites haruka inside as she walks
in tatia goes in to call his mother and
while she's looking around her eyes fall
upon the woman in the white dress
standing in the room suddenly haruka
jokes up from the bad dream and she's in
her studio with her friend the news
reports the murder of a 17 year old girl
after being raped by three men as they
listen to the news haruka gets a phone
call stating that tetsuya fukushima has
passed away that night she goes to the
funeral and meets odajima he remarks
that the police say he just collapsed to
death as they talk tezia's cousin
invites haruka to meet tethy's mother as
they walk in her mother explains that
they cannot show his face to anyone
haruka requests to show her techia's
face and as they open the casket she's
horrified at the sight of him as his
face is frozen in utter disbelief and
shock her mother elaborates that she has
the power which passed on to tetsuya
before his demise meanwhile at the
school the teacher and the girl
discussed the disappearance of mai mr
noguchi indicates that she's been seen
in the rabbit hole disco club whilst
they're talking kiyomi walks in and
informs mr noguchi that he's been
invited to her place by her mother later
when she leaves only asks the girl to
give her the pictures he snapped the
girl in a distressed state gives her the
pictures as kiyomi's about to leave she
is requested to help find mai but she
rejects her request the same night the
girl visits the rabbit hole and asks
everyone around for mai everybody
replies in denial as she's at the bar
she hears someone whisper her name
yoshiye she turns around to see mai
standing at the far end of the club at
the doorway yoshiya walks up to her and
apologizes mai extends a hand to yoshie
and takes her away meanwhile kiyomi
returns home with yuday accompanying her
as they creep in her mother's moans are
ringing around the house they quietly
enter kiyomi's room udai looks around in
uneasiness as feminine moans can be
heard meanwhile mr naguchi leaves her
room to grab his stuff he's afraid that
his career will be finished if he gets
caught and after stating that he leaves
the house afterwards her mother is
smoking as kiyomi walks in and reads out
a letter stating that she's about to
leave her mother replies in a difference
that she can leave if she wants but go
silent upon hearing a cat's meow in the
next room kiyomi confronts her about
their pet cat that her mother killed she
denies that as well and walks out the
omi then blackmails yudhai to kill her
mother and if he won't do that his
pictures of molesting her will be handed
over to the police uday then grabs the
telephone and walks up to her mother and
starts striking her she begs kiyomi to
forgive her but yudai murders her kieumi
asks him to wipe his fingerprints as she
takes out the used condom from the
dustbin and spreads all the seeds around
her mother's dead body kiyomi then
leaves with you guys the following day
the murder of mina kawaii is on the news
the police arrest mr naguchi as the
culprit of the gruesome homicide back at
the strange house the woman is sighted
standing in the window of the upper
floor at night tetsuya's mother wakes up
to find him sitting outside her room she
slowly approaches him as he tries to say
something even after several tries
tetsuya cannot form a single word his
mother desperately tries to understand
him but he doesn't utter a single word
he sits on the floor in pure blankness
as her son silently gets up and leaves
episode three it's 1994 udais working at
a garbage disposals while being treated
like garbage as he returns home he takes
out all his fury on his family kiyomi
and her son he starts blaming kiyomi for
his miserable state as toshki the little
boy sits silently behind the closed door
udai takes his anger on kiyomi by
violently hitting her whilst the
violence is being inflicted poshki sees
the feet of the woman in white in front
of him on the other side they hear
strange noises behind the door yudayi
gets up furiously with kiomi trying to
stop him he drops her to the ground and
shouts at toshki as kiyomi lies on the
floor with a bleeding and bruised face
she remembers the woman in the white
dress the following day a lady from
child protection services visits their
home nobody answers but the door
automatically unlocks as the lady walks
in the disorganized and untidy apartment
she finds toshibi injured and in shock
the lady aryasu calls her office and the
child is taken away at the hospital the
doctor reports that the child was at the
brink of death due to dehydration and
malnutrition they both decide it's
better for the child to be in protective
custody that night as aryasu waits in
the lobby kiomi arrives at the hospital
and starts behaving rudely to everyone
she challenges aryasu to take koshiki
under protection if she can while their
bantering toshki arrives and kiyomi
lifts him and starts to leave aryasu
stops her upon checking her bruce
shoulder she assures kiyomi that they
are always there to help hiomi doesn't
answer and leaves the hospital the next
year a severe earthquake occurs and the
news is flooded by the aftermath of the
disaster haruka leaves the set for the
day and her co-worker advises that she
needs to work hard as they're about to
leave odajima comes around and presents
haruka with his new book psychic
midnight volume 4 she asked him again
why he's collecting the stories to which
he answers that he's unsure afterwards
he requests for her assistance in
finding the house tetsuya warned about
haruka's co-worker intervenes but haruka
stops herself and agrees to help odajima
back at her place haruka takes out the
old stuff including pictures of tetsuya
and herself to her surprise she finds
the cassette of the footsteps she
recorded among the pile later at night
her head starts hurting due to strange
and eerie noises around her she finds
herself in the strange house with
tetsuya as he takes a look around the
house she then witnesses the horror of
the woman in white as she approaches
tetsuya with a bundle of sack in her
arms and the traumatizing effect that
engulfed them suddenly she wakes up with
a startle and notices that it's morning
and it was just a nightmare the same
morning as she visits tetsuya's mother
and presents her consent of the recorded
footsteps his mother tells her that she
burned all of tatsuya's things because
they troubled her haruka insists that
she needs to find a house and put an end
to it or else other people might suffer
at her expense tessius mother agrees to
help they both wash their hands
meanwhile the pet cat leaves the food
and fouls them they sit at the table his
mother lights up a candle she then grips
the cassette and starts chanting the
mantras the room starts to darken the
lights get dim and the cat is agitated
she keeps on provoking the ghost to show
her home the map book placed in front of
haruka opens and the pages start turning
suddenly an arm appears out of thin air
and places a finger at the page tatia's
mother slowly turns around to find her
son beside her exclaiming that she
shouldn't go with that she screams and
falls down as haruka supports her
everything in the room goes back to
normal it's daytime a young man leaves
his house while his wife waters the
plants in their garden haruka passes the
man on her way to the neighborhood the
young man's wife asks her purpose as
haruka stands in the doorway of the
strange house she apologizes and moves
on but as she passes her eyes catch a
glimpse of the woman in white in the
upper story window the caller leaves her
face and she speeds up from there
meanwhile the young man walks in the
city and is being followed by another
person he walks in a restaurant and
meets a pregnant lady who's showing him
stuff for the baby as they sit and joke
around happily a stalker stands outside
and watches them later the guy who was
talking earlier comes home and is
revealed that the pregnant woman is his
own wife he politely tries upbringing a
conversation but she answers him rudely
and leaves him sitting there wondering
what he did so wrong to deserve the
betrayal back at kiyomi's place pushki
is severely injured and medics move him
to the ambulance while his father stands
amidst the crowd disheveled and shocked
and after realizing what he's done he
quickly flees from the scene at the
hospital a police officer inquires kyomi
about the unfortunate incident and she
informs him that udai used a phone to
hit koshki as they talk the doctor
invites her to come take a look she
slowly walks inside to find her son
totally traumatized his head wrapped in
a bandage and his eye staring blankly
into space the doctors inform her that
it's still unsure if he'll regain
consciousness upon the devastating news
kion stumbles out of the ot and starts
laughing in mass hysteria she drops down
on the floor and her laughs turn into
sobs aryasu arrives at the hospital and
sits beside kiyomi just as she asks her
name she hears footsteps behind them the
same intangible footsteps that were
recorded in the cassette she gasps in
terror as the shadow of toshki appears
at ot's door she stands up in fright as
the kid slowly walks out the sound of
his feeble footsteps echoing in the
corridor ariyasu tries to comfort kyomi
but she lashes out and leaves the
hospital crying back in the city haruka
visits the promo for daijima's book she
goes inside and seats herself down
odajima's telling the audience his
recent stories and how he intends to
find a strange house just as he's
talking about it his assistant comes on
stage and whispers that someone has
given the locations of the house he then
faces the audience and shares that the
person m knows about the house he's
imprisoned for the murder of little
girls just as he states that he's going
to visit the house haruka instantly
stands up and forbids him to go there
everyone falls silent and she presses it
once again and forbids odajima that he
shouldn't go episode 4 on a rainy day of
the year 1995 but tajima visits the
incarcerated serial killer in the prison
the criminal asks him why he's
collecting the stories odajima tries to
formulate an answer but is unable to do
so the prisoner then shares how he
visits the old houses that he sees in
the newspapers and one specific house
always appears odajima asks him the
address but he can't recall instead he
narrates the story behind the house
where a woman was contained made
pregnant and she died after giving birth
to a child the child later disappeared
odajima sinks into his own thought after
listening to the story later the young
man named noble is having lunch with a
pregnant woman they discuss that the
child is almost there and they need to
take care of things at their own ends
that night the woman's husband returns
home she serves him dinner with wine she
then confesses to him that the child
isn't his own but her high school
lover's child and although she slept
with her husband her mind was always at
noble after dropping the dreadful facts
on her husband the woman asks him to
drink the wine he gulps it down and then
forces her to drink as well that if
somebody dies it's the three of them she
goes to every length to avoid it and
while he's forcing it on her he gets
nauseous and rushes to the toilet his
wife grabs a knife and stabs him in a
toilet as he's vomiting he survives the
attack and stumbles back into the living
room she tries to kill him again but he
overwhelms and slits her throat with a
bleeding neck she staggers across the
whole room she traces her steps to the
couch and as she slumps in her eyes goes
lifeless her husband vomits again due to
the poison as he regains his senses he
stands petrified upon realizing that he
killed his pregnant wife he slowly
approaches her dead body and decides
that he should save the child to achieve
that he brutally cuts open her abdomen
with a knife and brings out the
premature child the newborn starts to
cry in his senselessness he comes upon a
postcard from noble he then wraps the
child in a cloth and walks to their
house he rings the bell at the strange
house but inside nobu's pregnant wife is
also murdered ruthlessly and nobody
opens the door he sits outside and it
starts to rain he takes a look at the
child which is no longer crying he then
digs a grave and lowers the child's body
into it while the woman in white stands
at the side later the man sits at the
dining table and eats a meal as he makes
his way out nobu's corpse is seen
hanging above the stairs it's morning
when he returns to his place as he's
shuffling around stuff he hears a phone
ring he comes to find the phone
submerged inside his dead wife's belly
in the most gruesome manner he pulls out
the ringing telephone and sits back in
your shot the next morning the whole
terrible accident is on the news with
the footage of the strange house the man
kiichi masaki turns himself in for the
murder of his wife meanwhile at the
library aryasu studies the newspapers
from the past stating the old incidents
from 1988 the death of kyomi's mother
and the disappearance of yoshie and mai
from the disco club as she pulls out the
file her stuff falls down upon picking
it up odajima helps her and sees the
sketch of a weird woman he inquires
aryasu about it which he refuses to
answer as he goes out and asks the
library staff about the house ariyasu
points out that this house is on the
news the very next moment they both
reach the strange house where the media
and police are gathered odajima makes
his way through the crowd and gets a
sudden flashback from his childhood
later he invites haruka and the three of
them discuss the whole thing haruka sees
the drawings that the child made as
aryasu ponders over how a house can
bring suffering to the people living in
it odajima claims that he lived in that
house until he was five everyone in his
family is now dead except him haruka
also claims that she saw someone else in
the house apart from the couple as
odjima discusses the haunted house and
its terrors ariaso refuses to believe
any of it instead she states that she'll
focus on finding bushki's mother later
keiichi is being investigated the
officer interrogates him about his
actions in the meantime keiji finds a
telephone ringing he doesn't reply to
the officer but points him to the phone
in reality the phone is silent the
interrogator asks him several other
questions but he can't answer any single
one properly the officer then walks out
to consult his superior meanwhile keishi
covers his ears due to the overwhelming
phone rings around them that night as
keiji eats in the cell the phone starts
ringing again he moves to the bars and
frantically cries out for someone to
answer it as he's shouting he suddenly
sees his dead wife's face clamped
against the bars he's horrified at the
sight of her as she points to something
he looks across to see the fetus eating
his food the color drains off deichi's
face and he's scared to death the fetus
slowly crawls to him climbs his body and
in the most petrifying manner enters his
mouth meanwhile at an apartment poshki
is crippling a woman's sketch on his
notebook he calls the sketch his mom his
father nears him and asks him to draw
his dad as well meanwhile some people
bang the door asking katsuji to come out
as he listens to their calls toshki
whispers to him katsuji nears him trying
to understand what he said the kid then
whispers to him to run away run away he
says episode 5 the scene takes off where
the senior detective kosoka meets
odajima at the restaurant he gets to
know about the strange house and the
incidents that started to occur there in
the past 43 years odajima shares that he
himself lived in that house when he was
five years old he then requests kosada
to take him to the house so that more
information can be gathered later they
both visit the cursed house as they
check around kosoka tells odajima that
many of his officers had dreams about
this house after they researched it as
he's listening obagima suddenly shudders
at the sound of a crash and gets a
flashback of himself as a kid coming to
the living room holding a bundle in his
arms he snaps back to reality and races
upstairs to the bedroom he's now in the
past and sees all things from the older
perspective as kosaka follows him mai
and yoshiya move beside him he turns
around to find nobody meanwhile odajima
looks around and finds a picture of his
parents suddenly the scene shifts and
he's back in reality he then slides open
the wardrobe to see kiyomi sitting there
with tears in her eyes she is looking up
the wardrobe into a hatch odajima takes
a peek as well but finds it empty at the
next moment kiumi shrieks in horror and
odajima backs off he snaps out of his
hallucination as kosuka puts a hand on
his shoulder he then turns around to see
that the wardrobe only holds
miscellaneous stuff he tries to open the
hatch on the ceiling but it's stuck in
his inoperable meanwhile in a dark and
untidy place kiyomi is involved in
prostitution as the man leaves with his
friends katsuji walks up to her place
with uneven steps he meets hiomi and
tells her he has sold his kidneys and
his wound still bleeds afterwards comes
inside and sits against the wall he
starts talking about doshiki he only
tells him that the kid isn't his and
gets up she then imitates a woman in the
white dress and exemplifies her moves to
tell how kyomi was given the child in
open arms katsuji then asks her to give
him a shot of drugs he only asks him to
go to the bathroom and as he's about to
get up toshki appears and whispers to
him again the tea should run away
tatsuji just rubs his hair in affection
and gets up back in the city ariasso
meets odajima and haruka and gives them
the pictures of kiyomi otajima
identifies her as the same girl he saw
in the wardrobe afterwards they split up
to look for her they keep asking
everyone in the neighborhood but nobody
recognizes her in the meantime asudajima
and haruka move along he shares how he
can't find a cassette haruka exclaims
that it was at her place and maybe
interpreting it will solve their
problems in the interim osaka visits the
saki real estate and meets the owner he
shows him the newspaper and asks him
about the incidents that occurred in
that cursed house the sake reveals that
43 years ago the woman was contained and
made pregnant by the landlord's son he
was then murdered later he also tells
how dojima's family came to live there
but there was a forced entry and a
broken window afterwards the father and
the sister disappeared and the little
boy was left alone kosuka then asked his
views about the haunted nature of the
place to which he refuses to believe
that morning odajima finds a man who
guides them to kyomi's place as aryaso
accompanies him inside they look around
the house odojima goes into the bathroom
and finds katsuji's dead body in the tub
back to last night tatsuji sits at the
edge of the bath as kyomi brings the
injectable drug after giving him the
shots kill me pushes him in the tub and
drowns him to death later she slowly
staggers out and cries upon the horrible
deed she just committed she lumbers out
in the night and goes to the cursed
house she tries to go inside but it's
locked she then picks up a branch and
tries to break the window the scene then
links the past and the present the
little dojima stands petrified in the
living room as kiyomi keeps on smashing
the glass window once breeds she sits on
the floor and starts sobbing helplessly
she takes out the pictures of her being
raped and spreads them across a carpet
meanwhile yoshi and mai appear behind
her and apologize for ruining her life
they ask her to accompany them and she
simply gets up and follows them out of
the room the following morning
authorities arrive at the scene and take
pictures of the forced entry aryasu and
odajima identify the pictures as kiomes
meanwhile an officer comes to report
that they've found a hatch in the
ceiling everybody rushes upstairs and
the officer tells them that the hatch
can only be opened from the inside they
all climb up one by one the detective
concludes that this was the attic where
the woman was contained by the
landlord's son as kosoka advances
odajima asks him to not go any further
his mind suddenly remembers the past
experience where he and his elder sister
found the hatch as kids his sister kazua
climbs up the attic and odajima follows
as they're up there kazua sees someone
and proceeds towards her calling her mom
young odajima gets scared as it isn't
his mom and he falls down the hatch to
his utmost terror the woman in white
looks down at him from the hatch and
drops a baby into his arms advising him
to bury together the child is scared to
death and he runs downstairs as he looks
at the baby it gives his mouth wide open
in an abnormal manner he drops a baby
and suddenly hears a thud behind him
upon turning around he witnesses a black
entity it's a woman completely dark with
only her eyes visible the woman breaks
the window and darts inside she grabs a
baby and leaves meanwhile in his train
of thoughts odajima comes downstairs and
sees his younger self lying unconscious
on the floor he then sees his father
come inside and pick him up in the next
moment he snaps back to reality and
falls to the floor aryasu comes to help
him up and as he rises his mind and
expressions go numb while his eyes keep
staring at the broken window of the
living room final episode it's 1997 a
married couple moves into the cursed
house renovations are done and the staff
is moving new stuff into the house the
wife tomoko is pregnant and her husband
offers her a chair as the workers are
setting up the place they listen to the
news broadcasting the death of a
kidnapped boy who was later found with
his head severed tomoko stands up and
turns off the tv as everyone goes on
about doing their work tomoko notices a
state on the wall she calls her husband
and he too agrees that it wasn't there
before meanwhile the bell rings
noddajima visits them he sits in the
living room and tells them he was a
resident as well he then warns them
about the strange incidents of the house
and that they should reconsider living
here the man denies his ideas and
exclaims that he's scaring them odajima
tries to narrate the experiences but the
guy lashes at him and tells him to leave
as he gets up odajima leaves his card
with a new resident yu picks it up and
crushes it furiously and asks him to
leave at once later that night tomoko
wakes up and hears the cat meowing
somewhere near her as she walks outside
she sees a tv running the show where
haruka honjo first explains her
paranormal experiences meanwhile yu also
wakes up with a jolt as the shadow
passes behind the curtains he walks out
to see his wife in the kitchen and to
his utmost surprise keiji walks in as
well you tries to go after him but he
disappears instead of finding him you
comes upon the hanging corpse of nobu
the house rings with you scream as he
witnesses the horror of the house at the
same time tomoko drops to the floor
screaming as she gets the sight of
noble's murdered wife the next morning
haruka arrives at the house with hetia's
mother odajima meets them at the gate
and leads them inside as he enters
tetsuya's mother asks you about his wife
and he tells them that she's resting and
needs some time alone tetsuya's mother
advises against it and tells him to stay
with her they proceed to the living room
and as she washed her hands tessia's
mother advises haruko to go and stay
beside tomoko meanwhile she accompanies
odajima and you to the attic and starts
the summoning ritual she asks the spirit
to reveal itself and as she senses the
sounds she suddenly exclaims that
they're not a child's footsteps
downstairs in the room karuka converses
with tomoko about her experience as an
expecting mother when suddenly a man
appears behind them he stands behind
haruka's chair in his undergarments and
holds a knife in his hand he
threateningly advances toward tomoko's
bed haruka tries to stop him but he
pushes her away and climbs on top of the
bed tomoko starts screaming helplessly
as the barbaric person lifts up her
dress and presses his ear to her tummy
harukan watches in terror as he laughs
menacingly and raises the knife to stab
her suddenly haruko finds herself
experiencing the scene from 43 years ago
where the landlord's son is trying to
murder the woman but in turn she slices
his throat and throws him off the bed
she lays there blood splattered and
devastated while haruka lies horrified
in the corner the woman starts to laugh
hysterically and gets up and leaves back
in reality tomoko's water has broken and
haruka and odajima put her in an
ambulance as the vehicle speeds away yu
slowly gets up and starts to leave the
house odojima sees you turn into his
father as he staggered on the road and
stops at the place the scene shifts
where young odajima is standing in the
living room watching his father leave as
they both look at each other the living
room window starts wrestling and the
young udajima gets scared as the
rattling exceeds his father cries at him
and suddenly vanishes into thin air
meanwhile odajima witnesses the same
thing happen to you he stops at the same
spot starts shaking and screaming
violently while the window also rattles
in the blink of an eye he turns to a
smoking puddle of ash haruka and odajima
stand there stunned at what happened
before their eyes back at the attic
tetsuya's mother hears the word together
barry and sees kazua climb up the attic
and go beyond her to her mother the
woman in the white dress stands behind
her she slowly turns around into her
utter horror she sees a decayed and
rotten corpse of a woman approaching her
with yellowed skin shredded clothes and
in the most gruesome state of existence
tessia's mother shrieks as the croaking
corpse slowly approaches her later
odajima gets a visit from detective
kosaka who inquires how dojima wrote
about the telephone found in the
mother's fetus he replies that he made
it up and he's a paranormal researcher
who tells stories he also concludes it
might be the reason he's allowed to live
upon hearing the answer the detective
leaves in the interim ariasso visits
toshki in the hospital who's still
unconscious but as she sets her bags
ariyazo hears the child whisper she goes
near him and he whispers toward the same
words run away that night at the cursed
house haruka is digging up the yard
tetsuya's mother appears and starts
laughing at her she keeps on digging and
then buries the cassette of the recorded
footsteps and she gets up to leave the
main gate closes behind her and he hears
a baby crying underneath the ground as
she nears a dug up place the cries
elevate from her bag she throws it down
frantically and then gradually she opens
it up but there's nothing inside except
her own stuff she heaves a sign of
relief and gets up but in the next
moment the same man in undies and a
knife appears behind her clamps her
mouth and drags her away in darkness